fix nondeterministic default exprs that were not evaluated per row (#12187)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

.. stable branch. You can add a version label (`v/X.Y`) to the pull request for
.. an automated mergify backport.

> - Fixed an issue from ``COPY FROM`` that caused the tables' default expressions
>   to be evaluated only once that a single default value was re-used throughout
>   the table instead of per row. This only affected non-deterministic functions
>   such as ``gen_random_text_uuid()``, ``random()``, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue from ``COPY FROM`` that caused the tables' default expressions
  to be evaluated only once, causing a single value to be used throughout the
  table instead of per row. This only affected non-deterministic functions such
  as ``gen_random_text_uuid()``, ``random()``, etc.
```
